in this clip we're making a bone-in
ribeye steak I'm going to making a dry
rub and the dry rub we have today
consists of brown sugar salt black
pepper toasted coriander seeds toasted
fennel seeds toasted cumin seeds chili
this is sweet chili powder and this is
smoky paprika so what I do first is I'll
turn on the pan let it get about medium
heat I would say and I'm only toasting
today the coriander the cumin and the
fennel seeds so I'll just put them all
in at once and you toast these on about
a medium heat i toast until they just
start to smoke a bit you don't want to
burn them because then it'll turn bitter
once these are done I will transfer this
and the remaining greetings to pepper
the salt and the brown sugar into a
spice grinder and grind it up and place
it on both sides of the of the ribeye
now what I've done I've taken the rib
eye out about an hour ago and I'm going
to have this marinating in the dry rub
for about an hour it's safe to Fitz cold
enough to keep it out for a couple hours
because well first of all it's good to
do so because when you're grilling
something it's any type of meat it's
great to have it up to room temperature
before you grill it if it's too cold
then the outside could possibly over
cook quickly and the inside will remain
undercooked so it's good to keep take
the meat out and let it come up to room
temperature once I have this pot the
spice rub on top of it I lie a little
bit of oil for moisture